Good morning students, this is your principal Rodriguez and I'm very happy to announce that soon
We're going to have our annual holiday party. Isn't that exciting? So get ready for games treats and more
It's gonna be great
Okay, everything settle down
We'll see you all tomorrow
See you there Sophia. Oh wait, you can't go
Well, that's all for today
Before I go we'd like to announce the award for a student of the month which goes to
Caleb wait a go
Wow, look at Caleb. That's my little brother
With Jehovah's help. He tries to be good in school. I like learning about Jehovah
Are you ready to study? Oh, I'll get my book
I'll meet you outside. Okay. Hey, Zoe. Hey, what you doing?
I'm just about to meet Sophia
Why do you hang out with her? She's so
Different
Weird
She never does anything fun. You're different, Zoe
But in a cool way
You should hang out with us not that user
Angela
Please see me immediately
See you later, Zoe
Does it bother you that others think you're different?
What do you mean the other kids say things like it's weird you can't celebrate holidays and
That you can't have fun what of course we can have fun
It can be hard sometimes, but it's good to be different like Jesus
Like Jesus
Yeah, that's right. We learn a lot about him at family worship
In the Bible
Jesus said his followers would be no part of the world
What do you think it means to be no part of the world?
Saturday
That's a good guess
But we don't have to leave the planet
He said that he did not want to take his followers out of the world, but
That they should be no part of the world
That's right, honey
What else did Jesus say they are no part of the world just as I am no part of the world
How was Jesus no part of the world?
Let's see
Jesus was different from everyone else and so were his friends
He showed others how to be different and what they did
What they said and even how they thought
Really how?
People aren't always nice to others. They think are different
But Jesus wanted to help everyone and that made some people
very angry
They wanted Jesus to be more like them
But he didn't worry about what they thought because who did Jesus want to be like?
That's right. Jehovah said that those who obeyed his voice were special to him
So when you love and obey Jehovah and you are no part of the world like Jesus
That makes you special to him. I don't know if it could ever be like you
What do you mean? I don't know I?
I got to go
No, but you're over that makes you special to him. Hey, it's a leopard
Get away
We don't want you here if you just want to
You
You can make me clean. I want to be made clean
This isn't one of us
Jesus was different in what he did said and thought. I'm sorry about your grandma. This is for you. It will help you feel better
Thank you and that made some people very angry
Oops, I didn't see you there
Are you okay?
Let me help
Sometimes they pick on me too. If people aren't always nice to others that they think are different
You should hang out with us. No, that is her
But Jesus wanted to be like his father Jehovah and that's what made him special
Hey, darling. How was your study with Sophia?
Mom
There's something I want to show you. Oh, okay
Enjoy the holiday party
Hey Zoe
Aren't you coming? Let me show you how it's done. Hi guys
You didn't go to the party. I want to do the right thing. Okay. Let's have some fun. Oh
Not again